Writeup File
Homework 3 Link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/hw3/login.php
Homework 2 Link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/hw2/login1.php
phpmyadmin link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/phpMyAdmin/index.php
This website is the client side of a website.I have used 6 tables customer,order,orderdetail,product,productcategory,specialsales
1.Customer
customerid	int(11)-primary key
username	varchar(255)-username of user	
password	varchar(255)-password of user	
firstname	varchar(255)-first name	
lastname	varchar(255)-last name	
age	int(11)-age		
email	varchar(255)-e-mail	
phone	int(11)-phone number
2.Order
orderid	int(11)	-order id		
customerid	int(11)-customer id			
totalcost	int(11)-total cost			
billingaddress	varchar(255)-billing address
shippingaddress	varchar(255)-shipping address
date	date-date of order
3.Order Detail
orderid	int(11)		-order id	
productid	int(11)-product id		
productprice	int(11)-product price		
productquantity	int(11)-product quantity	
4.Product
productid	int(11)	-primary key	
productcategoryid	int(11)	-foreign key in product category table		
productname	varchar(255)	-product name
productimage	varchar(255)-product image	
productprice int(11)	-product price
5.Product Category
productcategoryid	int(11)	-primary key in product category table	
productcategoryname	varchar(255)	-product category name
6.Special Sales
specialsalesid	int(11)	-primary key		
productid	int(11)	-foreign key in product table		
startdate	date	- start date	
enddate	date	-end date		
discount	int(11)	-discount
Usernames and passwords for hw3
User 1.Username:abhi Password:abhi
Usernames and passwords for hw2 for manager reports
Manager.Username:abhishanga	Password:ali17
Admin Username:namrata Password:456
Sales Manager Username:aardraa Password:781
Files for uploading pictures are in the Pictures Folder.

Files(HW3)
accountpre.html-Contains the upper part of the login file including the heading
accountpost.html-Contains the latter part of the page.
account.php-It is the welcome page for the user containing 3 options to view current cart,to view past orders and to update profile.Special Sales are
displayed on this page
billing.php-It is the page which displays order summary of the products bought and also stored the users credit card information,billing and shipping address.
connect.php-It is used for creating the registration for new users.It has 2 functions which checks whether the user is new or old.
fetch.php-This file displays the order details when the user clicks view order it shows the corresponding detail of the past order he has chosen.
getCategoryProducts.php-It show category wise the products stored in the database.We can add items from this page to the shopping cart.
getSeachProducts.php-Implements AJAX to display the products that have been searched as keywords in the input field above in the page.
global.css-CSS File used for styling the website.
home.php-Shows the products available in special sales.
login.php-Determines whether the login is valid or invalid and displays either an error message or goes to a new page.
logout.php-Destroys the sessions and logs the user out.
order.php-Displays thank you message after customer has ordered items.
products.php-This page contains all the products available.
profile.php-This shows a form for new user to register and sign up.
shoppingcart.php-This page displays the shopping cart wherein a user adds,deletes and changes his order
update.php-Update file for updating user details.
updateprofile.php-Shows a form to displays user details which a user can change.
vieworder.php-This shows the past orders of a user when a user clicks view past orders.


Files(HW2)
manager5.php-Contains customer sales report options where in we can type in a particular product/productcategory/order date and get corresponding orders.
Alse contains a set of options to see total product category product sales,product sales and frequently purchased products.
display6.php-Displays the result of the search result.
pcsales.php-Shows sales of a particular product category
psales.php-Shows sales of a particular product
totalsales.php-Total Sales of All product categories
freqprods1.php-Shows frequently purchased products in desceding order.
FILES(HW2)
Files
prelogin.html-Contains the upper part of the login file including the heading
postlogin.html-Contains the latter part of the page.AJAX is implemented in the terms and conditions.
login1.php-Validates the usernames and passwords from the users database and accordingly either redirects to a particular page after a sucessful login or gives an error message.
manager.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for selection of reports for product,productcategory,specialsales and employee.
manager1.php-Contains search criteria for employee details.
manager2.php-Contains search criteria for special sale details.
manager3.php-Contains search criteria for product details.
manager4.php-Contains search criteria for product category details.
display1.php-SQL for product search is implemented.
display2.php-SQL for employee search is implemented.
display3.php-SQL for special sales search is implemented.
display4.php-SQL for product category search is implemented.
employee.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for adding,changing and modifying product,productcategory and specialsales details.
addchangeproduct.php-Addition of product with price and name or modifying the existing details of product.
addchangeproductcat.php-Addition of product category name or modifying the existing details of product category.
addchangess.php-Addition of special sales with product discount,start date,end date or modifying the existing details of special sales product.
addproduct.php-SQL implementation for adding product.
addproductcat.php-SQL implementation for adding product category.
addss.php-SQL implementation for adding special sales.
changedeleteproduct.php-Radio list if change for product with price and name  or checkbox for delete.
changedeleteproductcat.php-Radio list if change for product category with name  or checkbox for delete.
changedeletess.php-Radio list if change for product with start date,end date and discount  or checkbox for delete.
changeproduct.php-SQL implementation for changing product details.
changeproductcat.php-SQL implementation for changing product category details.
changess.php-SQL implementation for changing special sales details.
deleteproduct.php-SQL implementation for deleting product details.
deleteproductcat.php-SQL implementation for deleting product category details.
deletess.php-SQL implementation for deleting special sales details.
admin.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for adding,changing and modifying user and user login plus product,productcategory and specialsales details.Also can search for reports.
addchangeuser.php-Addition of product with price and name or modifying the existing details of user login.
addchangeuser1.php-Addition of product category name or modifying the existing details of user details .
adduser.php-SQL implementation for adding user.
adduser1.php-SQL implementation for adding user details.
changedeleteuser.php-Radio list if change for user with username,password and usertype  or checkbox for delete.
changedeleteuser1.php-Radio list if change for user category with first name,last name,age and employeepay  or checkbox for delete.
changeuser.php-SQL implementation for changing user login details with username,password and usertype.
changeuser1.php-SQL implementation for changing user details with first name,last name,age and employeepay.
deleteuser.php-SQL implementation for deleting user login details with username,password and usertype.
deleteuser1.php-SQL implementation for deleting user details with first name,last name,age and employeepay.
logout.php-Timeout after 5minutes.Redirected to the login page.

